So I'm back in a brand new project
which you as always, find attached,
and in general, the project isn't that new.
It's that same react application we worked on
earlier in the course,
because again, it's not really about the application,
it's about the workflow,
and as you can see, I'm providing a starting workflow
to you here, and this workflow works as it is.
This workflow reacts on pushes to the main branch
and then simply lints the code
by running this linting script.
It then also runs some automated tests
and uploads the test reports
with the upload artifact action,
and I then also have a build step
where I run the build command
and also upload those build files.
Last but not least, there is the deploy job
which doesn't really deploy anything
but it does download these build files
which would be uploaded to some hosting provider,
and then we're just outputting some dummy content.
Now, one quick note regarding the test job.
There, I'm uploading the test report
and that is something I haven't talked
about earlier in the course.
In the end, this test script just produces a report
in this project
because of the configuration I provide here
in this vite.config file,
this test.json file is generated to be precise,
and it's this test.json file that's uploaded
with help of the upload artifact action,
about which we learned earlier in the course already.
So that's this demo workflow,
and right now there is nothing conditional
in that workflow
because that's exactly what we'll explore
and add together throughout this course section.